Lyndsey Lorett: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. I was sending a quick message. Let me just hit send.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your can you brush her, her, her to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I have hit send. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you're in the car.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all right. I'm gonna see it. Does your car allow for setting setting setting up the phone at least propped up by the dashboard and the, the wind chill sort of popped up in front of you, see what you can do there. And I'll open up a note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, nice pretty butterflies there. I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've been visiting your daughter.
Know,
Lyndsey Lorett: We, we went into we're going into lockdown today.
Lyndsey Lorett: And they're locking down all the freeways, because we have over 1100 cases in McKinley County.
Lyndsey Lorett: So they're shutting all the roads that lead into our county
Lyndsey Lorett: So I came back and now if something happens with my daughter. I don't know how many get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up seeing your daughter last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Okay. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got that in my head that you were going to visit your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, so I'm Lindsay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to worry about that, that that's not happening right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: What's not happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your daughter's Okay Isn't she
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, she is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What good is it going to do for you to worry
Lyndsey Lorett: Not good. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to make you less available to your son to making sure that you you kind of keep taking care of yourself. It's not going to prevent anything so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just focus on the things you can control the things that are right in front of you. Alright, so let's focus on that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I get how scary. I get it. I went there with you too, for a second. I just thought, Boy, that that's unacceptable and yet it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's real. It's not like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's your imagination. This is really happen so but your daughter's okay and she has your grandma. Your parents so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So now, tell me a little bit about what your mind what your heart. What's your spirit. What's your emotional life has been like over this last week because you didn't talk much in group and kind of wanted to different to 10 here today.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Well, the reason I did that is because
Lyndsey Lorett: I was really woke up Tuesday morning really sick. And I was trying really hard not to throw up during group.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then as soon as I left the meeting. I opened the car door and threw up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Oh my god.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then I threw up yesterday and today, and I know, I know this sounds so I'm a woman. It seems normal but i i got my period. And I haven't had one since before I was pregnant, and even then it was only once, and then I didn't have one for five years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's just like, thrown. I feel like my body shutting down on
Gwenevere Abriel: Shutting down
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, shutting down
Gwenevere Abriel: It just opened up. It just started working. It's interesting you phrase it like that. Tell me why shutting down
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know, I'm not supposed to get a period of my my ovaries were taken by the infection. I'm not supposed to have a period. So I don't know what's going on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, who was a physician. Have you told about this.
Lyndsey Lorett: I have it. I just figured it out today. This morning, why I've been
Lyndsey Lorett: So sick, I guess.
Lyndsey Lorett: I thought my wound was leaking yesterday. Um, but it's no it's a it's a period
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know the difference.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because the leaking. Is it coming from the wound, when I change it. It's just a little bit wet. There's not blood, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: It's purely yeah it's def. It's a period
Lyndsey Lorett: And then my first thought was, in my bleeding somewhere. I'm not supposed to
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, but then my moon was like no, your body is probably you're probably getting it back working and I don't. I guess I just don't see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so, but notice your language was it's shutting down
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mom saying is actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Turning on working again and I'm saying it's working again assuming right this nothing bleeding that shouldn't be bleeding.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do think getting doctors involved besides mom and therapist might be a good idea. So
Gwenevere Abriel: At a minimum, I would have invited you to make sure you pulled a you're feeling miserable but say I want a breakout meeting with you Dr. Raphael. And if I can't meet with you then can I schedule an appointment.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because at least you're getting physicians ear, you know, they can think of things that we're just not trained in
Gwenevere Abriel: And then. Okay, you know what I'm trying to say we want as much information from that medical field as possible. And I would definitely let your, your doctors know that. Okay. You did.
Lyndsey Lorett: I let the womb doctor's note, but I can't travel to Farmington to see them so their advice was to go to the ER.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I guess if I guess if I need to go.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just like things are crazy right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How open, would you be if Dr. Maria was available right now would you. Would you welcome her visiting
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Cuz at first. I just thought it was anxiety, you know,
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she's in a in a meeting.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, you're suspecting that it's the stress from from what
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm just, just everything. It's getting really bad here.
Lyndsey Lorett: And like 10 times worse than any other county in the state. And it's just I don't know. I was over it, when it first started. So, you know,
Lyndsey Lorett: And then you would think if I was really that stressed, how the heck would I get my period because stress usually stops and period right
Lyndsey Lorett: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me hear how else this is affecting you you you've, you've also got some symptoms of vomiting and that's been going on since since Tuesday or were there more days.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, it was Tuesday. It started Tuesday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Tuesday morning before group. I actually was able to dissolve all of my text and have it in me until after group.
Lyndsey Lorett: But Wednesday I threw up with it in my mouth and then continue to throw up.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yesterday, the same thing happened and I the suppositories, they meet, we really sleepy.
Lyndsey Lorett: Dodge April gave me they work. They are great. They work very quickly.
Lyndsey Lorett: But it's very sedating
Lyndsey Lorett: And so I try not to take them.
Lyndsey Lorett: But something is going on that I need to take that, take it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Earlier.
Lyndsey Lorett: Than I do
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it setting an alarm, just to wake up to get the Soviet texts dissolve. Do you think that might be the case like setting an early alarm. Is that what you're thinking.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm thinking that I think that I need to set an alarm to take the Finnegan suppository
Lyndsey Lorett: About
Lyndsey Lorett: Two or three hours before I wake up so that I can get. And it's not just my sub you text. It's my sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: All the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're facing a lot of challenges, aren't you
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell me a story about hanging out with your daughter. What was it like
Lyndsey Lorett: We went on a walk with her new dog. She's got a golden doodle.
Lyndsey Lorett: And, um, she just runs runs runs with the dog and they just go, go, go. And she is just so much energy and just loves to explore
Lyndsey Lorett: I love seeing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you seeing her that she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally Healthy and physically healthy
Lyndsey Lorett: She is physically healthy. There's some stuff going on with my parents, some arguments that have been happening in front of her. They normally don't argue in front of her. And so she she feels like her family's falling apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, you know, she feels that way.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because she called me crying right before I got on with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did she say
Lyndsey Lorett: She said that, me, me and Papa got to a big argument and she feels like her family's going to break up and she's going to be an orphan.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your response.
Lyndsey Lorett: My response was that she's very loved and very cared for and that we would do everything in our power to take care of her that she saved. She has a home and she has a family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have an idea of where she would come to the conclusion that arguing would lead to her being an orphan. How are those two things connected. Do you think
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know because my parents don't they don't argue in front of her at all ever
Lyndsey Lorett: And so, and my dad just blew up.
Lyndsey Lorett: The other day just he's probably feeling stress of his own.
Lyndsey Lorett: And he blamed it on my mom and left the dinner table, and he doesn't normally do that. So all this stuff that doesn't normally happen is happening. And it's creating a fear in her
Lyndsey Lorett: And she knows I'm sick, so she's worried I'm gonna die. I mean you pop are gonna split up and she's not going to have a home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I see it. It's it. I couldn't quite figure out why the orphan. It's this additional piece that you might get sick and and won't be won't be mom anymore and won't be around. I get it. Now I see it couldn't quite figure that part out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Lyndsey Lorett: Sorry, when my pen is overheating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I gotta pull it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead and log out cool it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go grab a drink of water. It's okay. The timing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just let it
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then come right down for like two minutes.
Lyndsey Lorett: cooled off. Yep. And I have the air blowing right on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your daughter know anything about and I don't, but I want to know more, but does your daughter know anything about that program. Tick tock. The dance thing.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I was just curious, it might be kind of a fun
Gwenevere Abriel: A fun way for you guys to connect
Gwenevere Abriel: Where was because right it's on my mind only because I had time to stand here and thinking about creating a video challenge so that some kids can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the the dance most
Gwenevere Abriel: Likely, I thought it might be an interesting thing for you to to do where your daughter does some basic dance moves. And you don't have to be really moving and grooving but you can stand right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't really know what it is exactly, but what it looks like is I think the kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: comes up with a dance move their basic moves. And then what we do is we do this. It's this program where our videos right here and we do it to the same music. Our kids are and then it looks like we're both dancing the same moves with
Gwenevere Abriel: It and I'm, I'm trying to think of a way to incorporate it into this this this party thing that I'm doing because we can't meet some trying to kind of make it fun. And I just thought, I wonder if that's something that Lindsay might like to do with her daughter.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know we SHE HAS HER WE dancing and I will watch her dance do stuff when we video chat. Um, so that sounds like a good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because it's a kind of a competition where she'll create say okay, give me five moves or maybe only three moves. So, for example, I'm trying to think of. It's like it's going to be this, and something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that and then doing it to music and then you have to do it. And then these two videos together and how cute is that mom and daughter dancing together so
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, right. That's what I thought.
Lyndsey Lorett: Music
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you I don't know yet. I haven't quite figured that out. Um, I don't know if I'll take the time to learn. The Tick tock.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's already written for example, I put the app on my phone. I looked at, I think it was Jessica Alba had a little thing. And there were other there are people like stars that do these little competitions and then you try and match them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know. It looks complicated, I didn't get all the way into it, but I thought if your daughter and you wanted to have something to sort of learn together that might be fun.
Lyndsey Lorett: I like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, you always have ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not you know
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different thinking, right, it changes how you feel when you start thinking about something playful and something fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can shift all of that worrisome got
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of along those lines. Have you had a chance to when you're doing the wound care, you were doing it as much as twice a day. Did you use some of the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have that fabric that terry cloth there in your hand.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I have it and it's frayed and it actually because I moved do something with my hand. Anyways, usually when I'm nervous.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. I'm just always doing something so it helps
Lyndsey Lorett: Take the focus off of what he's doing in that moment until something hurts really bad. And then the pain goes away and then I rub, rub, rub. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So also part of the preparation part the 10 minutes before the 15 minutes before
Gwenevere Abriel: Really working hard to be at peace in those moments to that there's no trepidation about you're about to go have that that wound care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. That was the part that I was kind of hoping not only what you're doing with it, but also
Gwenevere Abriel: The friends that might come in the Minutes beforehand, like this is going to hurt that you do some of that imagery and that tactile connection. Have you had a chance to do it before.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I've tried like the deep breathing, trying to get to come state.
Lyndsey Lorett: And some reason I can't pull during while I'm doing it and rubbing so much better. But before I just
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. I don't know what
Lyndsey Lorett: I will literally just lay there. Breathing deep breaths, deep breaths.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I don't have something that I'm thinking on. I'm just breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I'm still thinking about the
Lyndsey Lorett: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think what happened is I think you're forgetting the the imagery. So let's go into that for just a second note. And I think if you can recall what we had done was in your right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for you. I can, I can see that that you typically are already kind of self soothing. It's called we're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so either hand so you're you're doing that and the piece that
Gwenevere Abriel: I was hoping would be integrated was including God
Gwenevere Abriel: Including the feeling right of being with this nurturing figure the wise figure and the protective figure and it's, I think you may have forgotten that part.
Lyndsey Lorett: I did definitely forgot that part. It's hard to pull your mind away.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let so we'll just do this as broken record reminder, this is what I do. I know today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to want to be my best. I'm going to want to feel in my strength and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my skin is designed
Gwenevere Abriel: To notice when it's pulled and stretched. It's designed it has nerve endings right there for a reason to register that something's off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they will be working
Gwenevere Abriel: But my relationship to that pain can be filtered through this additional
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll look at that. What does this pain mean. There it is. I wonder how much longer. That would be there. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're you're able to do it in the moment. But it's this. I think the preceding what 20 minutes or when do you start having fret, that it's going to happen.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, well, usually like an hour before because I have to set up, I set it up myself.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then that's
Lyndsey Lorett: That's usually when I take the Xanax
Lyndsey Lorett: And I lay there.
Lyndsey Lorett: waiting for him to come in, usually gives me a minute to calm down.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I would say a good hour before it's like a routine you set up you lay in bed you freak out and then you get through it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess what I'm hoping is that the freakout part will be the necessary part that instead maybe somehow when you're getting the different layers that are necessary, the different pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you do that mindfulness meditative prayer practice of bringing your protective team into your mind as you're touching it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just being aware, maybe even taking it and putting it to your skin kind of feeling. This is what it's going to feel it's going to be here. It's going to feel it is what it feels like. And this is in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being sort of present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Given that the additional piece that maybe isn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've told me that I don't know the freakout part
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just look at whether that's an important part or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is part of the freaking out, being able to tell your father in law. I'm scared or is it necessary, because then he'll be more careful if he sees you freaking out, like what would happen if the freakout part wasn't there, what would happen.
Lyndsey Lorett: I try to not let him know I'm freaking out.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, that's why I'm in the room alone for a little bit.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's really not going to impact how he treats you
Lyndsey Lorett: If no, he does it. He
Lyndsey Lorett: He yeah he's, he does what he needs to as best as he can. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're directing him, as I recall. He was pretty careful if you needed to pause for a second. He's pretty responsive.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mine is quite as good as the guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: The physical therapist type and wound care is not quite as good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And is is that because
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't taught your father in law what you like.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know he knows. He's seen it so much. He knows
Lyndsey Lorett: He knows it's just, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know, going into the physical therapist office with my womb supplies and I would sit there. There was just a lot of distraction and a lot of
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, I remember having anxiety driving there like, you know, but I didn't have that huge freakout moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, meaning there's a bunch of people in the lobby to. There's a lot of machines there. What I wonder what got your attention.
Lyndsey Lorett: On everyone's just really nice and caring and
Lyndsey Lorett: I love older people and they're in there and they're fun to talk to
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wonder if it's that lay down
Gwenevere Abriel: That period right there. It's off that you're already in that room getting yourself psyched into to do in this. I wonder if that needs to change.
Lyndsey Lorett: So are you saying that I prepare myself to freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's the laying there, then I'm wondering if needs to change like that because we got to do what's already working and if distraction is is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a useful tool, then maybe what could you do instead of laying there thinking, okay, well in 10 minutes now in five minutes. He's going to come in and we're going to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of doing a distraction and we're talking about funny YouTube video talking about a prayer, we're talking about some kind of, I don't know what, whether it's, you know, just upper body stretching. I don't know if it's coloring
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you be doing that can parallel and be similar to this one I like older folks, everyone's so nice. How do you get that. What's the emotion you feel when you're talking with those folks.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know it's just peaceful, it's just
Lyndsey Lorett: A very simple feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, peaceful, simple, and you're talking the the people there at the facility are a little older, and they're they're nice
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So now think about how you can recreate something like that really all we need is the feeling. We don't need the exact same people, but we need to be feeling we need peaceful and what was the other word
Simple
Gwenevere Abriel: Simple and by simple is that meaning there's no drama.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's just very easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, yeah. Okay, so now I want you to think about people in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no mixed message.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to overanalyze. You don't have to question your own intuition. You don't have to question your own judgment. It's just, oh, I'm just, this is easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, who, who do you have where you have a feeling
Lyndsey Lorett: No one in the house currently
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, keep going. Who else you got
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I guess maybe while I'm laying there. I could video chat. One of my friends.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, to do i do check ins with them during the week. So maybe if I have a scheduled check in with the same friend.
Lyndsey Lorett: During that time, just real quick and distract. That's a great idea, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it. And if I mean seriously, your friend will know that that's when the check in, is they might even have a funny little anecdote or a funny little jokes itself people
Gwenevere Abriel: Are funny little picture and they're ready to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like
Lyndsey Lorett: It. I like it too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the build up that's going on while you're laying there. Ooh baby. I don't like that all
Lyndsey Lorett: Night, and I thought that I was breathing myself into calmness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound like it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I would not
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's not the same thing to just be taking deep breaths. If the reason the breathing. Just like that alone isn't going to cut it is it's habituated meaning you already know how to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: whatever it is you're doing deep breathing. It's not new anymore. So it's not taking enough attention for you. You're not doing it, probably with as much
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus. Yeah, and your, your mind is able to wander. It can just wanders over to fear. This is going to be awful. This is gonna be awful, why me. This isn't fair, like those kind of things.
Lyndsey Lorett: They hate it. I hate those words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's the name of the friends that you could set up over the weekend.
Lyndsey Lorett: My friend, Michelle is usually my
Lyndsey Lorett: Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like her already.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, she's a a caregiver. So she knows how to
Lyndsey Lorett: You know, and she's funny as heck, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Your task is to message her set up a time coordinate with your father in law that that is going on. You could also, I don't know whether this is true if she
Gwenevere Abriel: Can either have this recording and you're listening to it as you're getting the care done but you what you want to do is tap into things that you are already doing that are working just found one. It just took a little bit of looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, peaceful, simple, easy, Michelle.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Lyndsey Lorett: I like it too.
Lyndsey Lorett: Awesome.
Lyndsey Lorett: You're just checking things off my list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but notice. Notice the emotion that you have right now, just tap into that just go in and tell me how you're feeling
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like, Well, I'm so damn emotional today.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just like this whole week and then today.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I feel like if I just take a moment and really look back at the situation. I'm not so in it that I can figure out things that are helpful, which is usually my nature.
Lyndsey Lorett: To change things that aren't working. Um, and so it's a good. It's like a happy feeling I'm like happy cry.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that that really might work and help a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Oh, I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what would be fantastic.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, and then didn't take the Xanax and just be in a good place and have a good day. And it just be simple and in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do an experiment with it. You can kind of talk with Michelle about like we're going to give this a shot. Let's see how it goes. And if it goes great
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can even do a recording and then I could laugh about that one. And then we do a real time one and we just kind of keep keep that creative juices going there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, well into changed my wound before
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, so she knows the steps and um, it's just a good thing, really, really good thing.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the other things that happened just now was
Gwenevere Abriel: You change what you were thinking about here, and your emotion changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have access to that choice when you want to, um, it may seem like that's over simplified.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: It does work.
Lyndsey Lorett: Sometimes I just don't know how to pull like it's so heavy.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know how to
Lyndsey Lorett: It takes me a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to Toronto, a little bit here from last time and just see
Gwenevere Abriel: See where we had left off.
Lyndsey Lorett: And they were emptying the dumpster today by the camper. And so I knew it was going to be just too loud, to do the EMT are today.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't know whether to text you and tell you that
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't like breaking things up when we're on a roll.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that listen. Life is like that life gets talking to. Now I gotta adapt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I am not bothered at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what we can do is we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue. Why don't we continue with the anchor room.
Lyndsey Lorett: Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that. Okay, so here's what the notes that I have so far are
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, with an anchor room. I'll say to someone, well, what's the, what's the block. Where are you kind of have some unfinished business. And you said, uh, my sexual abuse history. I never dealt with it. I refuse the feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I have an incomplete sentence I have it might be. And then I didn't finish it. And then I have I have intentionally chosen to explore and then I didn't finish my sentence. So I only have a couple tiny little notes on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why don't we do a little bit more on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This anchor room. And look, let me tell you, again, the destination with this anchor room is happy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the anchor room itself everything in it is the ideal. It's perfect. It has magic even it's going to be in a magic wand kind of tucked away in a secret little compartment on the wall or somewhere. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, this room is like awesome sauce. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to get that ahead that it's not going anywhere in the room. No. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are three things.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are three questions that do get into memory. One of them is age. One of them is a nickname. And then the third one I can see what time it is. We won't have time to even get to that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one of these little therapy questions, but the rest of it is all pulled from your imagination. It's not from memory.
Lyndsey Lorett: And other
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So even though you're going to be tempted to want to force. Well, that's what it was when I was this age that isn't what the goal is. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: To get the ideal to get what you want. Not, not what you had and force that into this room know it's what do I want or what did this younger self want didn't get well by golly, we're going to have it in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So day it'll be it'll be tricky. You'll be tempted to go, oh, this is the way it was. And then you'll want to drop it into this room, and that's your choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just know that that's not coming from me i i'm not saying go grab memory and let's have it exactly how this room was when you are whatever age.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only time I'm pulling from memory or these these three questions. I'll say, I'll say, how old are you, I will say, What was your nickname. And then the third one will be when the room is more developed
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a cookie questions. Sometimes after repeated like 10 times. It's a weird one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a
Gwenevere Abriel: Brain and gets the brain going okay so let's keep building this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is how we start, I have an idea of what what the dilemma is where there's some blockage. Right. It's in those one of those lock boxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Um, oh, and the doctors calling me to
Lyndsey Lorett: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she's gonna join us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell her what the symptom is so we'll probably not get to this anchor room will pick it up another day. All I said was, Hey doc, can you come in Lindsay's experiencing a medical issue that I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have concerned about. That's all I said so she doesn't know anything
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, I feel bad, taking her away like this, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm she'll bill for the service. You don't need to feel bad.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, okay. That makes it so much better. She'll bill for this service.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so, um, that's I told him, I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a billable thing he told me it is this is this kind of interesting thing, and hopefully that anyway. So you just stay focused on what you want to say to her with the time that we have. Make sure you're really clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is when it started. This is how much blood and why you've ruled out whether it's not the wounds. You don't think it's something else and maybe other things like you may be feeling a little bit more emotional to
Lyndsey Lorett: Not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You should be here, two seconds.
Lyndsey Lorett: Pandemic who is an emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weil, and we only have a few minutes, but could Lindsay. Could you share what what has changed.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I'm Tuesday during group. I was getting really nauseous immediately when group was over. I opened the car door and threw up. Um, but that morning, I was able to dissolve my sub sub you text. Well, before I threw up.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't see Dr. Embryo
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking yes funny. I thought you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you have Dr. All a minister. Dr.
Dawn Abriel: No, no, she means she can't see me on the screen.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to the top and hit gallery or where it says speaker view just chap that, see if you can grab that. See what you can do there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Lyndsey Lorett: Yep, there we go. I could see both of you. Hi.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hi, I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Sorry, I don't know where I was at Wednesday when I was taking the subway text. I always start out with the sublime text before I take my depression medication and my ibuprofen for the day.
Lyndsey Lorett: I've just been getting really sick throwing up not being able to get my depression medication in me until after I have taken a suppository which works really well, really quickly. Um, but it's more sedating
Dawn Abriel: I may have taken a dating is yes, it's very sedating and
Dawn Abriel: You have to take it daily would just be wow so
Dawn Abriel: I don't have
Lyndsey Lorett: A hard time with it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: But I
Lyndsey Lorett: Figure out why was throwing up and getting so sick. I thought it was stressed out like extremely stressed out. Um, but then yesterday, I started having
Lyndsey Lorett: blood spots in my underwear I thought my wound was leaking we changed it. There wasn't any excess blood on the sponges or around the area.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then this morning when I got up the same achy feeling throwing up and then I went to the bathroom and there's just a lot of a lot of blood. So I would assume that
Dawn Abriel: From you from your rectum. There's blood
Lyndsey Lorett: No vaginally
Gwenevere Abriel: But she says she has her ovaries were taken by an infection.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, they said, My ovaries don't work anymore because the infection was so bad with the Murcia,
Dawn Abriel: But you still pass your stool through your rectum. Right. You don't have a philosophy.
Lyndsey Lorett: No no no no no class to me. I put on pooping. There's no blood coming out of the breach.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, but to have that gentle blood when you don't have ovaries is pretty. Yeah, yeah. This is more than I can evaluate over telemedicine Lindsey.
Dawn Abriel: To have a little bit of blood and then more blood
Dawn Abriel: My worry is that you have a fistula somewhere.
Dawn Abriel: I it really needs to be evaluated. But here's what I can say about the nausea.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm wondering if
Dawn Abriel: You switched up the time you took your medicine and you did the suppository at night then took your buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: If
Lyndsey Lorett: It normally take the suppository at night and it covers me through the night of nausea and in the morning. I don't wake up sick like this and for some reason. It's just intense this week.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I ask something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, is it possible the suppository is I'm just going to just say it and then you guys can work it out. It's just stronger, more potent. Then she wakes up in withdrawal. Is that possible.
Dawn Abriel: That it's
Dawn Abriel: More boat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then she's feeling the withdrawal I you know I don't really know what I'm trying to say. It's just, since this onset seems like didn't coincide almost right exactly when you started with this depository.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, I've been on the suppository for I a good week before you start getting
Gwenevere Abriel: nauseous and I'm not on to anything. What if it's the bleeding and nausea onset, same, same time
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday.
Ya.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, cuz the bleeding didn't start, start until yesterday, but the nausea started on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there was a little bit of bleeding on on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yesterday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, very similar to a period
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, very, very similar.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have told which physician about this spotting and now additional bleeding.
Lyndsey Lorett: My wound doctor
Lyndsey Lorett: We call him, Dr. Bill, because I don't know how to say his name. I'm in Farmington at the wound clinic and he said
Lyndsey Lorett: That I that I'm probably need to be evaluated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you told him about that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I did. Yes. And he said that it could be many things not getting I'm not getting the proper medicine in me at
Lyndsey Lorett: On a very scheduled basis like I've happened for so long. I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: And he said something else. I'm sorry. Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Which which medication. Are you referring to. That's all.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm not getting I can't keep in my sub you text my ibuprofen my depression meds. I'm having to retake them all. After I've taken
Lyndsey Lorett: The suppository um it's just I don't, I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: I, I really cannot tell you I would really have to do an ultrasound and I'm evaluate you do a vaginal exam, they're just they're just too much that needs to be explored here before we can put our finger on it.
Dawn Abriel: Then I don't know if the nausea and the vaginal bleeding or or any way related
Dawn Abriel: So,
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't, because I haven't had a period in so long. I can't tell you what I experienced when I was on my
Dawn Abriel: Right. But let me get this straight. You had both ovaries taken out.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, not taking out one of them, they said was not working properly because of the infection.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so it is possible that it was a period
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Ah, OK. Oh.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, no one has
Lyndsey Lorett: Confirmed that my ovaries don't work. They just said that the infection was really bad and that you may not have a period
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I guess they've healed or one of them at least it's healed because you know if it's, you know, you're, you're not having fever or chills or huge
Dawn Abriel: Gushing of blood. It's a normal amount
Dawn Abriel: Of period blood. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I think you can breathe easily around that one.
Dawn Abriel: I thought you'd had both of them out and then it's really a mystery why you'd have that, you know, the blood but have to be coming from other than the uterus, but
Dawn Abriel: You know you're if you just normalized and
Dawn Abriel: What, especially if one of them is working fine. And you might have a period every other month
Gwenevere Abriel: And elevated emotional to. I mean, it's hard to pull apart the pandemic and there's, it's hard to pull that apart. But there's also been a little elevated a vile mood to
Dawn Abriel: Just before this happened.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah that's
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but here's the dilemma.
Strong
Gwenevere Abriel: To go not to go to go not to go and and I wanted you to weigh in on this doc, because this can't be an easy decision.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so if
Gwenevere Abriel: You initially said go now you're starting to roll in that this is a menstrual cycle. At what point does she go. And what about the vomiting. What do we do
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I think that the menstrual stuff. We can just let go of because that's just normal female stuff what what needs to be addressed is the nausea and
Dawn Abriel: I would like to revisit the idea of you're taking your Suboxone at night.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, you mean instead of in the morning.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like I
Lyndsey Lorett: We, we just we started recently when I started seeing, you know, instead of doing it in the morning. You want me to do it at night after the suppository
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. After the suppository and then because if if that
Dawn Abriel: relieves the nausea all through the night. And then in the morning. You can take your other medicine uncomplicated by
Dawn Abriel: What the, it's, it's, I'll tell you, Lindsay, I haven't had anyone have problems with the buprenorphine all by itself, causing nausea. But everyone's different. And you certainly have a very different system.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: It. I think it would be worth a try. Because if that worked where that would just
Lyndsey Lorett: It would solve a lot. Could I also take my depression medication. Then, as well.
Dawn Abriel: There's no reason why you couldn't
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: So then throughout the day. The only thing I'm taking is the ibuprofen and Tylenol.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's an idea, you know,
Dawn Abriel: And you're taking really high doses of the ibuprofen, aren't you
Lyndsey Lorett: I am I am taking
Lyndsey Lorett: Everything.
Dawn Abriel: That's, that's pretty scary.
I know
Dawn Abriel: Yeah so. Okay, let's do it this way, do them one at a time. And let's see what combination of what is eliciting the problem. So,
Dawn Abriel: At night.
Dawn Abriel: Take the subway. Take the support nausea suppository and take the buprenorphine and do that for a few days.
Dawn Abriel: And then your other medicines in the morning and see if if everything's groovy. Then, and then the next week. Take the buprenorphine and the antidepressant at the same time at night and see if that holds you
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But if you take things together. We don't have a way of
Dawn Abriel: Separating the effects.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's usually just my routine, though, is get it all in, and then go about your day.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that would be ideal.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I would I would
Dawn Abriel: I, I wish that were possible, but buprenorphine is so hard and the Ibuprofen is so hard on your gut.
Lyndsey Lorett: I never, I don't
Dawn Abriel: Know like my guess is that it with anything else is is what's wreaking havoc.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I've been on it over a year, every day.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I can't help it.
Dawn Abriel: No, I'm not saying that you can I just, it's just so so unfortunate.
Lyndsey Lorett: If there was something else, some magical, you know,
Lyndsey Lorett: Thing that's not as harsh as ibuprofen, I would be all for it. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Okay. So you're saying to for for the first week do suppository and buprenorphine at night.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then next week. If I'm okay. To start the depression medication with the buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: At night and see
Dawn Abriel: Because it's so if you have the nausea.
Dawn Abriel: With the depression and your anti inflammatories during the day.
Dawn Abriel: Then it makes more sense that it's the ibuprofen with the other things that's listening this
Lyndsey Lorett: So I need to definitely space it out then.
Lyndsey Lorett: Not be taking it all at once.
Dawn Abriel: Do you also have something on your stomach a test some toast. Some
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, yes, yes I am. I do a protein shake before, if I were to take ibuprofen on an empty stomach. I would be sitting all day.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, all day.
Dawn Abriel: And that the nausea starts before you have anything you wake up with the nausea.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, went yet Wednesday and Thursday. I was waking up with it Tuesday was spaced out a little bit before I actually threw up and it hurts so bad to throw up so
Lyndsey Lorett: Really hard not to
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: What I just, I feel this is where telemedicine is just not ideal, and there's nothing else that's changed. You don't have a new rash, you don't have more belly pain, you don't have difficulty pain or no, nothing else.
No.
Lyndsey Lorett: Would that make it easier to solve.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: I just I, you know, sometimes it's a with the combination of symptoms, it points to something specific, but with
Dawn Abriel: Nausea by itself is so difficult to pinpoint because the things that cause nausea, the list is huge.
Dawn Abriel: That's why your other doctor said, and, you know, it could be lots of things we all end up doing that shrugging their shoulders and saying, you know, I would want to see what your, your blood clot.
Dawn Abriel: Your, your liver function and your CBC and make sure you don't have a smoldering infection somewhere.
Dawn Abriel: But without these other symptoms. I doubt it.
Dawn Abriel: Are you someone who, when you get an infection, you get a fever.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do and I have increased pain.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just, I've had been so infected so much over the last year. I just know I don't know how to explain
Dawn Abriel: No, I, I hear you. I, I believe you people know I'm
Dawn Abriel: So this is all I have to offer at this time.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And I would say if something changes if this is the early part of something more significant and anything gets added on here.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so get it checked out.
Dawn Abriel: Call you call you call the emergency department in Farmington and you say, I mean, they probably know you right
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Say, You know, I'm on my way in. What's the protocol. Now, do I need to bring my own mask. Do you supply them.
Dawn Abriel: And no, you tell them highly doubtful that this is coven 19 I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: You know,
Dawn Abriel: This is my other problem.
Lyndsey Lorett: So my next question then is, I'm going to be out of medicine early and I'm going to be out of my depression medication at the end of the month early and I don't know what to do.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: So that would be
Lyndsey Lorett: So I'm I'm supposed to have enough through Sunday, taking it in the morning. I'm right. Right. I won't have any for tomorrow or Sunday.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah, I can easily right they might not pay for it. The insurance might not pay for it. You might have to pay out of pocket.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And for some reason, I don't have the, the name of your depression medicine.
Lyndsey Lorett: I take Prozac and Wellbutrin
Dawn Abriel: Oh, wow. How did I miss them.
Dawn Abriel: Ever wonder
Lyndsey Lorett: You've never prescribed it. I've had so many refills. I'm just going through the bills, is that bad.
Dawn Abriel: No, no.
Dawn Abriel: It's just it. I almost always
Dawn Abriel: ask people what medicines. They're on and I have it listed in their chart. So it's the 20 milligram capsule or the 10 milligram tablet. What do you take of the Prozac.
Lyndsey Lorett: I take a 20 milligram capsule and I'm 300 milligrams of well future and it's a tablet.
Lyndsey Lorett: I've got the capsules for that Prozac.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then the well future and that they're bigger tablets.
Dawn Abriel: The Wellbutrin is the ASR or the XML.
Lyndsey Lorett: XML 300 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Okay, so I can, I can go ahead and order that
Dawn Abriel: You are you take one by mouth every day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Are they going to charge me for the Wellbutrin and the Prozac to for being out two days early
Dawn Abriel: I don't think so. No, I don't think so.
Dawn Abriel: I think you can pick those up pretty
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I still have more refills.
Oh, no.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't on the be on the well future. Sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we're in my room and I'm so glad I was able to bring us all together. I think we're starting to come up with some useful solutions, but I do need to go.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so super quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess I'm going to have to text you to try and work out our next appointment.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know I'm, I'm very flexible when
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to shoot, I'm pretty booked up next week. So it might be some kind of unusual hours. I'll be offering. But let's let's come up with something. And don't forget, don't forget about the tick tock.
Lyndsey Lorett: I will not forget about the tick tock. That was the
Gwenevere Abriel: And and Michelle.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh yes, I'm excited about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you later, guys.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, once I leave, actually you guys won't be able to talk with you. That's right.
Dawn Abriel: I think we're I think we're done. I'll order those medicines for you. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay. And then if I end up having to go in. I'll call admissions and tell them
Dawn Abriel: Okay, real good.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Dawn Abriel: hope this works. You bet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want to know.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is
By